# scriptStuff
These are just some scripts I did for my personal use, for automating simple tasks, learning and testing things. Since most of them are very short, I guess it's better to put them all 
together in a single repository. There they are.

### file_analisys_csv
This one is a little bit different. The csv_generator.ps1 will look at all files within a given path and generate a .csv file with some data about every file found. The file_analysis.ipynb is a python notebook in which I intend to do some data analysis over the .csv dataset generated by the csv_generator.ps1 file. I was responsible for keeping track of a specific directory on a certain file server, (size of files, file extension, file owner, and so on). Of course I couldn't reveal information about the file server, so I made this example on my work machine to showcase the task.

### multiple_reboot
This script will read a 'todo.txt' file containing machine names or IP addresses, and for each machine it will try to schedule a reboot for 5:10 PM on the present day if it is not 5 PM yet, or else try to schedule a reboot to 5:10 PM the day after.  


### cleaning_routine
This script will receive a directory as an argument, look at it's subdirectories and, for each one of them, it will delete every file but the newest 7.

### removeZips
Removes .zip files from a directory in which exists folders with the same name as the .zip files. It was originally written in Bash, and then also in Go.

### brilhante
Changes the screen brightness on hardware level on my laptop. I use no Desktop 
Environment (such as KDE or XFCE or GNOME) on my openSUSE installation, I use just 
bspwm (a tiling window manager) instead. Brightness keys on my keyboard weren't 
working out of the box, so I had to write brilhante.sh and configure "brilhante.sh 
mais" and "brilhante.sh menas" as keyboard shortcuts, putting them on a path 
directory and using sxhkd to call them by pressing the keys I wanted. For study 
purpose, I made brilhante.go to accomplish the same task.

### battery.sh
While running on background, it checks battery levels and uses dunst and 
notify-send to notify user about the battery level of the system. If it is bellow 
28% (a number I like), it notifies the user from 2 to 2 minutes. If it is 
bellow 6% (another number I like), it notifies the user about critical battery 
level and turns off the system in one minute and a half if battery is not charging. 
